Img for refund page new dashboard (#1065)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Refund.md

**Refunds** are one of the applications built on top of the [Pull Payments](./PullPayments.md) feature.

On this page, we will talk you through the flow of creating Refunds. 

> There are a short few steps to create the Refund for the customer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a short few steps to create the refund for the customer. 
```

> After the refund has been issued, we will continue to the [Payouts](./Payouts.md) page to talk about the refund processing. 

Reviewer: The payouts page is no longer valid so this paragraph should be removed.
```suggestion
```

## Create a refund

> 1. After an invoice has been confirmed but needs a refund, go in the Invoices page and click `Details` on the invoice.

Reviewer: A few invoice statues can be refunded (partially paid, settled, etc, so confirmed isn't correct at least in terms of our invoice statuses.
```suggestion
1. To refund an invoice,  go in the `Invoices` page and click `Details` on the invoice.
```

![BTCPay Server refund feature](./img/refunds/invoices-details.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

2. Click `Issue a refund`

![BTCPay Server refund feature](./img/refunds/issue-refund.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

> 3. Select the way how you want to issue the refund

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select refund's payment method
```

![BTCPay Server refund feature](./img/refunds/issue-refund-payment-option.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

> 4. Select the `amount` you want to refund

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR, but it would be good to discuss how to improve the UX of this page so people can actually understand it. This probably incldues better copyrighting.
![Screenshot 2022-04-01 at 11 30 01](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36959754/161236691-5bb02109-7074-4464-a039-13b35747f56d.png)

![BTCPay Server refund feature](./img/refunds/issue-refund-amount.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

5. Share the link of this page with your customer

![BTCPay Server refund feature](./img/refunds/claimingside.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Processing refund 

> In the next few steps, you follow along on processing a refund. 
> Costumer has claimed the refund, and this is how to process it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a customer clicks on the link you've provided adds their refund bitcoin address and claims the invoice, the next step is to process a refund.
```

> 1. Goto the Payouts tab in your menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the `Payouts` tab in your sidebar. 
```

![BTCPay Server Payouts tab](./img/refunds/payouts-status3-options-appr.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

2. Select the Payouts you want to process, go to actions and select `Approve and send`

![BTCPay Server Payouts tab](./img/refunds/payouts-status3-options-appr.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

3. Sign and broadcast the transactions.

![BTCPay Server Payouts tab](./img/refunds/payouts-status4-options-sign3-adv.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

> 4. Payout has now been Signed and is in progress, this is reflected to the claimant in their view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The payout has now been signed and is in progress, awaiting confirmation on the blockchain. This is reflected to the claimant in their view. 
```

![BTCPay Server Payouts tab](./img/refunds/payout-status-succesfull.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

> 5. After the Transaction has been confirmed, the status of the Payout will be completed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After the transaction has been confirmed on the blockchain, the status of the payout will be `completed`. 
```

![BTCPay Server Payouts tab](./img/refunds/payouts-status5-completed1.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

> Costumers view after the Refund has been paid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer's view after the refund has been successfully processed.
```

![BTCPay Server Payouts tab](./img/refunds/claiment-completed1.jpg "BTCPay Server refund feature")

> ## Questions
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you have questions about the BTCPay Server refunds function, you can join the [community chat](https://chat.btcpayserver.org/).
> If you have questions about any of the other tools or commands, etc., it's likely you can find answers to your questions by doing a search on the internet or on [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/).

Reviewer: In the future, we may add this for every page in the footer, I just don't think we should add this to this specific page and not the others.
```suggestion
```

Up until now, merchants had to manually issue refunds.
The process required a lot of back and forth between a sender and a receiver. The merchant had to ask for a refund address, calculate the preferred rate, manually add that to the wallet and broadcast the transaction.

A merchant just need to go to the invoice, click **Issue refund** , select the appropriate rate and share a link with a customer.

The customer will then input their address and claim a refund. Once a customer claims a refund, the merchant will get a notification and can authorize it in a click.
Future versions of BTCPay Server will enable instant payouts as an option, without the need for merchant approval.

## Create a refund

> 1. After an invoice has been confirmed, go in the Invoices page and click 'Details' on the invoice.

Author: Agree
